Miss Ye
It's you
Are you still working at this late hour?
Yes
These grains must be ground quickly
Otherwise I will scold you.
Manier says
You and Xinnuo
I'll be back here for a while
How long will you stay this time?
I do not know yet
Miss Ye
You need to take a rest first
eat some snacks
I am coming
very happy
very delicious
do not move
I did it on purpose
Are you here to buy me some snacks?
Yes
What will you do in the future?
You can call me
as long as i'm not busy
i have great strength
do not move
Come, come, come
let's get something dry
get well soon
Thirteen
Come
Yes
What do you want from me?
what should I do?
What are you ashamed of?
give to me
I want money in the future
Just say it
Come
catch
No
Sister Ye
I
Thirteen
Sister Ye
What's your job
Miss Ye, she is following me
no no
I saw Thirteen feeding pigs
What's this?
Honey
look at what you eat
Where did everyone go to eat?
Come here and wipe it
here here
here
I do it myself
It turns out he's nice to everyone
What did you say
I said
After eating this honey
Don't throw away the honeycomb
You can keep it as lip balm
Do you know how to make lip balm?
beehive melted
Place it in a cloth bag and squeeze the pulp.
Melt again and add honey
Add your favorite paint
Can be made after hardening
Various lipsticks
very good
Sister Ye
do you remember?
I told you
As long as you are willing to
we can make money together
this is not
The opportunity has come
What a great opportunity
Do you make lipstick?
Thirteen will help you climb the mountain to collect honey.
And you
Just concentrate on doing it in the hospital.
Then I'll help you sell it
No
There is a lot of work to do at home
don't wait
Mom and dad still have milk
I absolutely disagree
You came here secretly
I'm just talking
I'm not that capable
Miss Ye
You can specify
Do you really think so?
nature
Miss Ye, look
You are a genius
You say you have the ability but you don’t need it
this is a waste
correct
Well, he said that thirteen years ago
Wait until you finish
I will try it when I have free time
I'm going to work
I say ten words
He doesn't deserve a word from you
Stop looking for it
panther village brothers
Everyone started making wine
We can't be idle either
he goes
For this year’s grapes
Be gentle when washing
Slow down, slow down, slow down
be careful be careful
Come on girl, give me more
Here we are
all
Come and try it
everyone is in a hurry
Slow down, kid.
Run slowly. Run slowly.
It's Laotian
Be careful when standing too high
ok boss
Everyone should study harder.
I will definitely go down the mountain if I have the chance in the future.
We can still be craftsmen
alright
Thanks
To be sure, the more people, the greater the output.
at this time
I've saved enough money.
next time
Go to the store and have a look
Manier
Brother Heng
Brother Shen
he sits
you came just in time
we share money
Will listen
this
it's reserved for panther village
split 50-50
What about this one?
This is Xiaoqi's birthday money.
this
This is the money we have left over from buying the store
this is your money
Thank you for lending me money before
help me get through this
Manier
Your work has just begun
There are still many places to spend money.
You can keep it first
Take it
how
Don’t believe in my ability to make money
catch
OK
Manier
My father was with you recently
Ask me about my situation?
Don't worry
I have arranged everything
Uncle Jin thought
Do you collect bills out of town?
OK
Brother Shen
only
Are you talking about something?
this time luckily
People in Black Panther Village are helping
Help us mass produce
Brandy
Only in this way can we
in such a short period of time
earn a lot of money
Use jade and gold to deal with them
believer
we helped them
Let them have food to eat
I didn't expect the ending
But they gave us a lot of help
Yes
Do you dare to sell fake or poisonous wine?
This is how my brother drinks
I should beat you to death today
I
Yes
How many days have I been looking for you?
so you are here
I drank my brother like this
You said you were selling fake wine?
Second uncle
What happened to the second uncle?
I have no idea
He sells fake wine and poisonous wine
This is how my brother drinks
Why don't you give me an explanation today?
I can't leave you
Your words are illogical
I just put it in this wine
mix with some water
How can this be?
No wonder I have two jars of wine.
Second uncle, you stole my wine
Add water to wine
Manier now
Now is not the time to talk about this
His disease is a chronic disease
Not because of drinking
look
Where do savages come from?
nothing to say
What's your job
Do you accept this responsibility?
calm down
First, bring the person to a doctor for examination.
Brother Heng has superb medical skills
Healed many people
It will be fine if people leave it to him.
two brothers
Don't worry yet
Saving people is very important now
i did well
This is father and third brother
Why haven't you come back yet?
screw you
Sher
for a while they were
You want to break in and cause trouble
Just hide under this bed
Mother
I am afraid
son
Third brother
this
son
Third brother
Son, wake up
Third brother woke up
Third brother
killer
you bastard
he killed my brother
you
Selling fake wine
No
you
heal or even die people
I beat you to death
The patient's life or death is uncertain
Do you want to abuse lynching?
The truth about what happened
Let the officials decide
everything is on me
Big brother
save people
this
Third brother
son
Third brother, please speak
Third brother's son
Third brother
you
Son, wake up
Third brother
younger brother, third brother
killer
You made it very clear
Brother drink your wine
murder
That's why my mother did it
Stimulate
He can't stay bedridden
Pay us three hundred taels
This problem can be solved
This is clearly a lion with its mouth open.
This is extortion
Official here
How dare you say we extort money?
adult
My brother died unjustly
You have to let young people make decisions
Seeking justice for children
adult
Give, give, give
give us give
dad
Mother
think of a way
This is the Lord
all of us
They all belong to the same region
Yes
Is it possible?
How many days of grace period is there?
Official
you know
Who is my brother?
Lian Shuren
Specialize in scientific fields
My third brother is in business
I don't care what kind of talent you are
Or do some business?
i want money
he took the money
you
you start driving
Official
My family is worthless
I just stole my niece's wine
mix with water
Go and sell on the street
you say
This damn person
Drink or not
Did he drink to death?
We don't know either
So how can we understand each other?
Still want to deceive people
Take it away, sir.
No, no
Dad is looking for Lao Jin
Lawkin Lawkin
There is no other way now
Looking for Lao Jin
Ask the banker if you can borrow money and pay it back
Give me back what you took away
What about big brother?
Something big happened at home
My brother is very cold in the city.
Then our family will make it for Lian Hua'er
marriage is important
I've emptied my family's fortune.
Shouldn't Big Brother be making a difference?
dad
I know I know
A known
Official
you know my niece
Are you married to someone?
The Song family is in the city
Black Dragon Song
rich
you will find it
Yes
Go and ask the Song family for money.
second child
i did something wrong
Just don't get your brother involved.
It does not work horizontally or vertically.
Can you give me a solution?
this this this
Don't you want to think of a solution?
you want to hurry up
Do you want to give me money or not?
adult
Take it away, sir.
Yes Yes
rich, rich
uphold justice
dad
wait a minute wait a minute
Wait a moment
come over
Come
look at that
How is the girl?
dad
It's subtle, isn't it?
twenty taels
dad
Twenty taels must be worth it, right?
The family is very poor
not full
Gentlemen, come back
After eating delicacies from all over the world for two days, I gained weight again.
Have a great time there
More comfortable than at home
go! go! go
uphold justice
he takes a walk
Mother
go! go! go
Yes
what to do
do not move
Do you want to sell it?
Put it aside, sell it or not.
Buy it or not
rest
I can't buy it
this this this
This is this
Yes
rest
Your father is confused now
Do not take it seriously
Let's put the ax first
rest
I am her father
I have the final say
he stays away
Mother
damn you
what to do
what are you doing here?
Lopsided
this
Who is this?
Anyone buying or selling to the public
A hundred sticks flow three thousand miles
A person who buys and sells wives, concubines, and grandchildren
One hundred employees, three years of professional training
In front of Brother Yamen
How dare you do this?
Is there any proprietary method?
Don't buy, don't buy, don't buy
This family is crazy
Kill the man who killed my brother
just take it away
correct
adult
take him away
there is a way
No
uphold justice
hydrated rice
i'm in jail
It would hurt my brother too.
my father saved my father
second child
leave me alone
uphold justice
Mother
Mom, think of a way
Why is my life so miserable?
How did you get here?
It turned out to be the surprise I mentioned before
They grow vegetables in hot spring caves.
This is the first time I see you
Handle this yourself
Brother Heng helped me a lot
I said before I want to help you
i broke my promise
beautiful
I shouldn't force you to do this or that
then
I don't know your identity
I don't know either
You have other important things
after you leave
I just found
there is nothing
more important than you
Now it's just your second uncle
I want to sell the newspaper to pay off my debt.
If Shisan hadn’t stopped it in time,
you at this moment
I'm afraid that's not the case
Where is it sold?
Now he is your second uncle
She was taken away by officials
Second uncle
Indeed, the second uncle sold his daughter in order to pay off his debts
although
He sells wine and mixes it with water
What you did was indeed evil.
But this wine can't kill anyone
The other party is obviously a scoundrel
The government is giving out benefits again
Only then will he be arrested
current government
no conclusive evidence
He shouldn't dare
Where is your second uncle?
Compared with the second uncle
I'm more worried about Brother Heng
Are you talking about Brother Youheng?
heal or even die people
he looks weak
In fact, I feel very stable inside.
should be no problem
you don't know him
If nothing else
No one needs to tell me
in his heart
own solution
Two words: "curable"
very important to him
slightly different
He will feel uncomfortable and blame himself
And, this time
A man died in his hands
It's not as simple as I said
I don't understand as much as you do
but i want to do anything
Not everything will be smooth sailing
maybe this happened
After trying
you will become stronger
I hope so
My father asked for a divorce certificate
that person
He suffered from severe chest paralysis
How your treatment works
Not bad at all
I didn't ask you to study medicine early
Let you charge me interest
How would you say your level of anxiety is?
at this moment
It doesn't matter if something happens
I will tell you too
It's hard to be a doctor
Come
I said naughty
you are sad today
I said loudly and angrily
let me tell you a few words
if you want in the future
Don't you dare treat others anymore?
Be careful I will hit you
if it were another doctor
This person might be saved.
What nonsense did you say?
This man is like a god.
Can't save either
Come
he drinks wine
After drinking, cover your head and sleep
when i sleep i don't think about anything
all food
thanks dad
hydrated rice
What should be done?
dad
Big brother
Brother, are you back?
Please save Shu Yi
. please
I can make you a cow or a horse
knight
think of something quickly
save rooster
Additional compensation amount
see if you can
Toto people
Ask the other party to order a smaller quantity
Our family is really
Not that much money
Yes
this
Say something
Big brother
Keeping justice behind bars
What I had was stale steamed buns.
This big rat is running around all over the place
Even if a living person enters
I was exhausted within two days.
If Shu Yi leaves
I don't live anymore
Okay, okay, okay
don't cry
dad
you know too
And me
i know some friends
But it has up and down
no
Doesn't he need money?
This thin-skinned bitch
If you sell wine, sell wine
What is the water doing there?
Yes
None of you can help me
I'll find out for myself
second wife
ancient
They all bully me
no one helps me
younger siblings
it's very busy
something happened
Do not take it seriously
Don't resent our parents
they have their difficulties
hurry up
Nothing happened to you
Of course you're not in a hurry
hydrated rice
always towards you
Who thought of our second room?
Shouyi is so pitiful
My father doesn't love me, and my mother doesn't love me either.
Even if I have a capable brother
Don't you want to help?
brothers and sisters
look what i said
Brother, am I not here?
As the saying goes
Has the boat arrived at the bridge?
Naturally straight
an idea
Brother has already thought of it for you
what's the idea
you
Why did you come back?
I
Why did you just go out?
Second aunt, you took my money
No
show me
you give me
Second aunt
Do you take my money?
No
Second uncle stole my money
Second sister-in-law
What's your job
Kraft
Second aunt
calm down
you listen to me
Second aunt, I can't help you
But I can't ignore your second uncle
Your uncle said
as long as i have money
He can save your second uncle
Wait until your second uncle comes out
hit or scold
whatever you want
Second sister-in-law
Second uncle
Is it possible that you fell?
Second aunt, stop
Kraft
Forget it, Manil
stop chasing
There is no point in chasing.
She won't give it to you
your second aunt
I also had to do nothing.
I want to save your second uncle
her people
In fact, he is not evil-hearted
Mother
This is our hard earned money
I still want to buy a store
This problem is not over yet
besides it
Is the uncle reliable?
Can you save the second uncle?
Not necessarily yet
this is amazing
The second uncle took all the money.
money for daily expenses
Have money to buy raw materials
Xiaoqi still has money on her birthday
I got every amount
Clearly
No more money to buy a store.
How should I explain to Ms. Shen?
Xiao Qi’s birthday money
Go quickly
stand right here
Second sister-in-law
Second brother has news
Manier
Sister Ye'er, I'll take you there
I'm here to apologize to you, right?
Where is the money?
I stole it too
Do you want to be beaten or scolded? It's up to you.
I hit you to make you violent
Can you change my money?
Cannot be replaced again
but your kindness
Second uncle and second uncle’s mother
we will always remember him
no matter what happens in the future
please tell me
As long as I can save your second uncle
Whether it's about the rise of Dosan
Or in the sea of ​​fire
Nothing at all
Second aunt
I understand your difficulty
but your promise
This is very unrealistic
Manier
then tell me what you want
As long as you don't send me to jail
whatever you want me to do
really
Do you want money?
fatal
No
but
I don't want your life
I don't want your money either
I want someone by your side
want to
VIP
Since you want to sell Sister Ye'er
Why don't you sell it to me?
Manier
this
that piece of paper
Do you want to use you?
To collect money
Manier
do this
impossible
I really just want Ye'er
Mother
After Sister Ye
I still live in your room in the east wing
but work
You can come to my house and do this
Keep doing this until you get married
Account settled
Grandma's side
I must ask you to tell me
Second sister-in-law
this
Manier
It is not good?
In this way, mother and daughter
I'm separated from now on
third uncle
third aunt
I don't blame Manna
Do not worry about me
my father would sell me
My mother doesn't want me anymore
I am redundant
From now on I am alone
do not be sad
Yes
There is a third aunt here
not sad
Here we are
Come
Miss Ye'er is here too
come at the right time
The food made by Thirteen is so delicious
Eat more in the future
Remember you don’t eat chili peppers?
I didn't add cayenne but added a bit of ground ginger.
Ye Erniang
let her go
No
What's up with her?
Her mother sold it to me
No
Then I'd better go and have a look.
You guys eat first
this is a big problem
The story of the second uncle selling his daughter begins
Sister Ye
really sad
I just think
why not seize this opportunity
grab it
so
she can still fuck herself
what i want to do
It doesn't take long
Do menial and tiring work for the family
people always bully me
spring column
Go home to eat dinner
Mom left some food for you
This is your favorite food
bacon and eggplant
You weigh?
you boy
Our Chunzhu is very good
give to me
Did you have a good day today?
How did you get here?
wear this
Yes
You have known Master before
How did you teach me to practice Qigong?
No matter winter is the coldest month
The weather is still hot in June
He made me do this from morning to night
barefoot
Stand by the river and practice concentration
from morning to night
Your master is too cruel, right?
Yes
I was thinking
Does sir have any grudge against me?
Why does he always torture me?
How did you get through it later?
Later I started to think of ways
distract yourself
I'm just counting the little fish in this river
I was just thinking about this
I'll come back after I finish training
I will take them all away
Then make this fried fish
grilled fish
fish soup
enjoy a good meal
Just keep counting
I only counted a thousand
That time passed quickly
Yes
People still have to think about themselves
Don't always think about the bitter side
life is so short
don't care about others
you have to live for yourself
do you know
Where to go back to eat?
It's getting late, let's go back.
leave it alone
Your second uncle has a family
if not
this doesn't sound like you
What kind of person am I?
Keep your eyes open and look at money
stingy
Anger will be rewarded
Unreasonable is unreasonable
anything else
you
angry
Change to previous
You should have scolded me long ago
I'm just a little sad
Sister Ye'er is a good girl
It's a pity that I was born in a second family
My dad doesn't love me and my mom doesn't love me either
I have to take care of my whole family
I guess
I'm free this time
good chance
I must try my best to help her
let me tell you a story
Once upon a time there was a foal
He fell into a dry well
very small
very weak
so do your best
I can't get up either
someone passing by
I saw him lying inside
I just want to tease him
The mouth of the well is filled with soil
unexpectedly
Wait for that person to leave
this pony
In fact, he stuck his head out
Step by step
The filled soil has consolidated
little by little
I'll go up alone
this pony
Are you from Xinjiakun?
Although he was born into a family of generals
But because she is a commoner
Contact your immediate siblings
Driven into a dry well
Parents are indifferent
indifferent
But when this
Xiaoma is from Shenjia Village
After climbing out
but on his own
He was elected to the academy
Become the Prince's Companion
since then
reading a book
horse riding
shooting
imagine the future
Step by step we have come to today
Manier
no one can
Who can really help?
everyone's way
After all you have to get out on your own
Xinnuo
What else do you have?
This is something I don't know
let's go back
Have money to buy a store
not yet resolved
let me do it